README.md, before:

# Awesome StumpWM

> A curated list of high-quality docs/modules/configs for StumpWM.

## Documentation

- [Official website](https://stumpwm.github.io/)
- [Community Wiki](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki)
- [FAQ](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki/FAQ)
- [Tips and Tricks](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki/Tips-And-Tricks)
- [Archlinux Wiki: StumpWM](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/stumpwm)

## Videos

- [StumpWM - Overview Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlF1N0R24cA)
- [StumpWM - Installation Demo (Building from Source)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol_FuovYoBs)
- [Leaving dwm for StumpWM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdQdBQu3fFM)
- [The Modern Day StumpWM Experience](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdA6t6sLWQY)
- [The basics of StumpWM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-na9wnv4K6g)

## Modules

- [contrib](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm-contrib) - A collection of StumpWM modules
- [tslight/stumpwm](https://github.com/tslight/stumpwm/tree/main/modules) - A collection of StumpWM modules from Toby Slight
- [weather](https://github.com/njkli/stumpwm-weather/blob/master/readme.org) - Displays weather in the modeline
- [rofi](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-rofi) - StumpWM rofi integration
- [dmenu](https://gitlab.com/sasanidas/stumpwm-dmenu) - StumpWM dmenu integration
- [pamixer](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-pamixer) - Pulseaudio volume and microphone control module
- [kbdd](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-kbdd) - Per window XKB layout switcher module
- [tomato](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-tomato) - Advanced Pomodoro timer module for StumpWM
- [scratchpads](https://github.com/podiki/scratchpad) - Toggleable windows module
- [acpi-backlight](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-acpi-backlight) - ACPI backlight control module
- [window-switch](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-window-switch) - Windows switch module
- [udisks](https://github.com/lucashpandolfo/udisks) - Disk manager module
- [screenshot-maim](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-screenshot-maim) - Screenshot module
- [sndioctl](https://github.com/fagg/stumpwm-sndioctl) - Control sndioctl module
- [grid](https://github.com/bgutter/swm-grid) - Desktop Grid module
- [zbucium](https://github.com/mihaiolteanu/zbucium-stump) - interface for the zbucium last.fm music player
- [kdb-brightness](https://github.com/russell/stumpwm-kbd-brightness) - Adjust keyboard brightness module
- [stumpbuffer](https://github.com/juki-pub/stumpbuffer) - An IBuffer inspired tool to control Stumpwm from Emacs
- [power](https://github.com/mmaul/power) - Power managment and suspend on laptop lid close
- [stumpd](https://github.com/Payphone/Stumpd) - Module for interacting with MPD 
- [cmus](https://github.com/jdfight/stumpwm-cmus) - Module for interfacing with the cmus music player
- [nuclear](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-nuclear) - Nuclear music player module
- [pomo](https://github.com/Payphone/Pomo) - module for keeping track of Pomodoro sessions

## Themes

- [Base16](https://github.com/tpine/base16-stumpwm) - Base16 Themes

## Configs

- [Config from Junker](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-config)
- [Config and instruction from Lucien Cartier-Tilet](https://config.phundrak.com/stumpwm.html)
- [Config from Alex Kost](https://github.com/alezost/stumpwm-config)

## Tools

- [stumpish](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/trusty/man1/stumpish.1.html) - the StumpWM Interactive SHell (included in StumpWM)
- [StumpWM IPC](https://github.com/szos/swmipc) - A simple IPC server for StumpWM

## Useful Common Lisp libs

- [cl-notify](https://github.com/Lautaro-Garcia/cl-notify) - Library to send notifications to your desktop through D-Bus

Commit message:

add 'xft-fix' an 'auto-suspend' modules

README.md, after:

# Awesome StumpWM

> A curated list of high-quality docs/modules/configs for StumpWM.

## Documentation

- [Official website](https://stumpwm.github.io/)
- [Community Wiki](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki)
- [FAQ](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki/FAQ)
- [Tips and Tricks](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/wiki/Tips-And-Tricks)
- [Archlinux Wiki: StumpWM](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/stumpwm)

## Videos

- [StumpWM - Overview Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlF1N0R24cA)
- [StumpWM - Installation Demo (Building from Source)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol_FuovYoBs)
- [Leaving dwm for StumpWM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdQdBQu3fFM)
- [The Modern Day StumpWM Experience](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdA6t6sLWQY)
- [The basics of StumpWM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-na9wnv4K6g)

## Modules

- [contrib](https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm-contrib) - A collection of StumpWM modules
- [tslight/stumpwm](https://github.com/tslight/stumpwm/tree/main/modules) - A collection of StumpWM modules from Toby Slight
- [weather](https://github.com/njkli/stumpwm-weather/blob/master/readme.org) - Displays weather in the modeline
- [rofi](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-rofi) - StumpWM rofi integration
- [dmenu](https://gitlab.com/sasanidas/stumpwm-dmenu) - StumpWM dmenu integration
- [pamixer](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-pamixer) - Pulseaudio volume and microphone control module
- [kbdd](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-kbdd) - Per window XKB layout switcher module
- [tomato](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-tomato) - Advanced Pomodoro timer module for StumpWM
- [scratchpads](https://github.com/podiki/scratchpad) - Toggleable windows module
- [xft-fix](https://github.com/kamysheblid/xft-fix) - stumpwm xft module fix for clearing cache
- [acpi-backlight](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-acpi-backlight) - ACPI backlight control module
- [auto-suspend](https://github.com/kamysheblid/stumpwm-autosuspend) - Module auto suspends the computer when the battery capacity is low.
- [window-switch](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-window-switch) - Windows switch module
- [udisks](https://github.com/lucashpandolfo/udisks) - Disk manager module
- [screenshot-maim](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-screenshot-maim) - Screenshot module
- [sndioctl](https://github.com/fagg/stumpwm-sndioctl) - Control sndioctl module
- [grid](https://github.com/bgutter/swm-grid) - Desktop Grid module
- [zbucium](https://github.com/mihaiolteanu/zbucium-stump) - interface for the zbucium last.fm music player
- [kdb-brightness](https://github.com/russell/stumpwm-kbd-brightness) - Adjust keyboard brightness module
- [stumpbuffer](https://github.com/juki-pub/stumpbuffer) - An IBuffer inspired tool to control Stumpwm from Emacs
- [power](https://github.com/mmaul/power) - Power managment and suspend on laptop lid close
- [stumpd](https://github.com/Payphone/Stumpd) - Module for interacting with MPD 
- [cmus](https://github.com/jdfight/stumpwm-cmus) - Module for interfacing with the cmus music player
- [nuclear](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-nuclear) - Nuclear music player module
- [pomo](https://github.com/Payphone/Pomo) - module for keeping track of Pomodoro sessions

## Themes

- [Base16](https://github.com/tpine/base16-stumpwm) - Base16 Themes

## Configs

- [Config from Junker](https://github.com/Junker/stumpwm-config)
- [Config and instruction from Lucien Cartier-Tilet](https://config.phundrak.com/stumpwm.html)
- [Config from Alex Kost](https://github.com/alezost/stumpwm-config)

## Tools

- [stumpish](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/trusty/man1/stumpish.1.html) - the StumpWM Interactive SHell (included in StumpWM)
- [StumpWM IPC](https://github.com/szos/swmipc) - A simple IPC server for StumpWM

## Useful Common Lisp libs

- [cl-notify](https://github.com/Lautaro-Garcia/cl-notify) - Library to send notifications to your desktop through D-Bus
